hey how's it going Dave - D here and
this is the Triton 700 from Acer and
this was actually one of the very first
laptops that was shown to the world with
a whole thin and powerful but super
quiet laptop designs and this is
actually my favorite laptop that Acer
makes so they also make that super
powerful nine thousand dollar gaming
laptop and as impressive as that thing
is it's just not practical for most
people this thing is still very powerful
but it doesn't look like a super
obnoxious gaming laptop it's just a
simple laptop and the reason why they're
able to make it like this is from the
whole max-q design approach and if
you'll remember some of my older videos
of talks about it Mac SKUs this thing
where manufacturers will focus on energy
efficiency and make laptops that are
like this thin powerful but really quiet
and if all the laptops with the GTX max
q10 80 this is my favorite one I want to
talk a little bit about the build this
thing has incredible build quality it's
got a full metal design so metal top
panel metal bottom panel metal keyboard
deck like this thing is built like a
tank even though it's three quarters of
an inch thick or not even it's actually
very difficult to twist I'm also partial
to its color it's not black it's kind of
like this really dark aqua color and I
think it looks amazing the other thing
is there's no red on this laptop at all
there's no red power button or red logo
or red exhaust fans like none of that is
red it's a bit of blue and there's dark
aqua color it's straight up my alley
there are a good number of ports there's
two display outputs Thunderbolt 3
Ethernet and 4 USB ports if you'll
notice one of the USB ports is recessed
and it actually comes with a cap you can
kind of put in and out of it and I'm not
sure but I think it's for wireless
gaming mice and keyboards so if you have
one of those Wireless mice with a
required dongle so not a bluetooth
connection but like a radio connection
you can leave it plugged in all the time
and you don't have to worry about it
getting knocked off or damaged or
whatever it's a small detail but I think
it's really cool if you want to you can
access the internals by removing some
screws and then lifting the keyboard off
there are two ribbon cables that are
connected so if you want removing it to
be super careful there's a pair of nvme
drives in there running on raid 0 and
there's 32 gigs of ram so that's two
sticks of 16 it seems unlikely but if
you want to you can't upgrade all that
stuff inside you can open up this laptop
with one hand
intention is pretty much perfect and
when you do you get to see one of the
most unique keyboard decks you'll ever
see in a laptop starting up at the top
there's this glass panel and when the
laptop is on you can see the fan
spinning on here the whole thing is a
window you can kind of peer inside and
look at the heat pipes and the other
thermal stuff but the main purpose of
this thing is it's actually a trackpad
which is kind of crazy it's a smooth
glass surface there's no texture and
tracking is good it's interesting that a
trackpad like this that uses a
completely unconventional glass surface
like this is still able to use Windows
precision drivers so tracking is super
accurate without any kind of skipping
issues gestures also work perfectly on
the surface the button clicks are a
little different
left-click is still just single click
right click is a double tap kind of like
a MacBook
but it's the fact that there's no
tactile response at all you're basically
tapping on a glass surface but it works
accurately the click and drag is a
little weird you have to double click
something to start dragging it around
and again it works well and it does
accurately detect when you want to start
clicking and dragging things around but
it's so different from anything I've
used before that it took me a couple
days to get used to it but the reality
is you're gonna have a mouse connected
this thing for most times if you're
using it the keyboard is comfortable
it's close to the edge like the whole
keyboard is shifted down to give the
internal some better cooling and when I
first saw photos of this thing I thought
it would be weird to use because there's
no wrist rest but it's actually very
comfortable it's a mechanical keyboard
but the switches aren't your usual
cherrise which kind of feel they feel
more like micro switches very short
travel with a short click if you're used
to a regular mechanical keyboard like a
regular desktop mech you're not gonna be
able to come over to this thing and just
type regular speed so you gonna have to
have a bit of a learning curve it's not
that it's a bad keyboard it's actually a
great keyboard but it's just really
different from a regular mechanical
keyboard you get fully customizable RGB
lighting individual key lighting with
tons of colors to choose from and you
can go as crazy as you want or you can
just turn it all off the fan up at the
top also lights up into whatever color
you want as well
performance on this laptop is really
impressive it's a max Q 1080 QB League
i7 32 gigs of ram and because it's a max
Q laptop this thing runs at around 40
decibels when you're playing games and
even the most demanding or the most
unwise games run really well on this
thing the Trend 700 also lets you
overclock the GPU you need to push the
fans a little harder to keep it cooled
properly but in turbo
the performance is surprisingly good it
actually comes close to a full fat GT X
1080 laptop thermal performance is also
really good you get full control of the
fans in the software if you want to push
this thing hard for like a video edit if
you're playing a game competitively you
can just crank up the fans and just let
it rip but if you want to play something
a little more stealth you can lower it
back down and just keep it in whisper
mode so I wanted to see how hot this
laptop would get when I was playing this
thing for a long time in whisper mode so
the footage you're about to see was this
game running for about three hours and
over watch and it just kept this thing
with g-sync on with fans at 40 decibels
temperatures are a little hot they never
got worse than this but the frame rates
don't dip too much
the speakers are positioned really well
the stereo separation is on point they
project upwards one on each side
they're good speakers they're not
excellent decent clarity but the base
isn't as strong as I'd like the screen
is really nice as a 1080p 120 Hertz
panel supports g-sync and when you pair
it up with the 1080 Games run so smooth
on this thing the color gamut and
brightness are good as well and I've
said this before in other videos but
when you have a laptop like this with
high-end components you have to put a
good quality screen like this in a lot
of laptops are still being made with
good components fast components but 60
Hertz screens and that just kills me
they've done it well 120 Hertz panel
g-sync max Q 1080 it's a great
combination it's an IPS panel you don't
get the super fast response time of TN
panels but with an IPS panel you're
getting better looking image quality and
viewing angles are better as well the
battery life on this laptop is probably
its weakest point it's a 54 watt hour
battery and I'm only getting around 2
hours of battery life with the screen at
215 it's now most people that are
picking this up aren't gonna be using it
for like extended gaming sessions on the
road but if that's what you're looking
for it's not the best option the trend
700 is one of the best built laptops
I've seen from Acer full metal
construction with excellent build
quality and a nice design pricing starts
are just under three thousand dollars
but it comes in fully loaded you're
getting a 120 Hertz g-sync screen it's
excellent for gaming with good enough
color accuracy for content creation the
mechanical keyboard is really clicky and
it's comfortable to use but it doesn't
use your normal desktop keyboard
switches you'll need to get used to
these the trackpad is built into the
glass window with great tracking
accuracy but clicking is a little bit
weird inside the cable a ky7
and the max Q 1080 deliver really
impressive performance the fans are
quiet but you can overclock the GPU and
adjust the fans to your preference the
RAM and the two nvme drives are
replaceable if you need but ASA loads
this thing up with some really fast
stuff out of the factory the battery
life is shorter and clocks in at just
over a couple of hours okay
I think Acer did an amazing job on this
thing it's such a cool device the design
that build the performance the trackpad
everything about it I really really like
now it's not for everyone it's super
expensive that's also makes it like
unachievable for most people including
myself like this is reviewing it I got
to send it back but if all the laptops
I've seen in 20
17 this is the one that's most
impressive to me I've seen other ones
that are even more extravagant but it's
not about that it's about building
something that's practical that's viable
as like an everyday machine and looks
really good
while it does it okay hope you guys
enjoyed this video thumbs if you liked
it
some of you loved it see you guys next
time